**Essential Cardano**

[Essential Cardano](https://www.essentialcardano.io/) is a central hub and definitive guide to Cardano. As a community-driven resource platform, it serves as the canonical reference to help you navigate our growing ecosystem. Along with links to active projects, it includes official resources and community-generated materials.

Essential Cardano outlines organizations, partners, and projects that are part of the Cardano ecosystem, as well as a comprehensive collection of resources to help you learn more about Cardano. Whether you want to understand what Cardano is and who our partners are, learn about our mission and roadmap, or get stuck in and build on Cardano, this is the place to start. Inspired by GitHub's well known Awesome lists, Essential Cardano provides an outline of our thriving ecosystem, as well as a comprehensive list of resources to help you learn more and get started. 

It was conceived as a curated library of materials, a one-stop shop where you can find various resources for Cardano and track activity. We recognised the need for a central location for Cardano, to bring everything together and make it easy for people to find what they need. We have provided links to all official sites, channels, and resources, as well as to a collection of material such as explainers, guides, developer resources, glossaries, primers, tutorials, and much more. On top of that, we have identified assets developed by the community which we think provide great value and complement our own content that we produce. Our aim is that our community will now help us to grow and improve this platform.

We also maintain the original [Essential Cardano list](https://github.com/input-output-hk/essential-cardano) which provides an outline and central library of materials, including official IOG, Cardano Foundation, and Emurgo resources, as well as community-generated materials. This list is a fully open source repository and we encourage you to add new content, new relationships, new innovations, so that we can update this list and build out the ecosystem.

**Note:** Inclusion in Essential Cardano does not constitute any kind of ‘official’ endorsement by IOG or any other entity. Projects are added upon community request and as ever, we encourage every community member to do their own research when evaluating projects. Inclusion does not constitute an endorsement - please be cautious and do your own research.
