Essential Cardano

[Essential Cardano](https://www.essentialcardano.io/) is your definitive guide to Cardano. A new community resource platform that is the central source for all things Cardano-related. It is a community-sourced website outlining all the organizations, partners, and projects that are part of the Cardano ecosystem, as well as a comprehensive collection of resources to help you learn more about Cardano. It serves as a canonical reference and educational resource to help you navigate our growing ecosystem. 

Essential Cardano has been conceived as a curated library of materials, a one stop shop where you can find various resources for Cardano and track activity. Along with links to active projects, it includes official resources and community-generated materials. We also have the original [Essential Cardano list repository](https://github.com/input-output-hk/essential-cardano) which provides an outline and accompanying map of the Cardano ecosystem and a central library of materials, which includes official IOG, Cardano Foundation, and Emurgo resources, as well as community-generated materials. This list is fully open source and we encourage you to let us know of new content that is being produced by the community, new relationships, new innovations, so that we can add them all to this list and build out the ecosystem.

Whether you want to understand what Cardano is and who our partners are, learn about our mission and roadmap, or get stuck in and build on Cardano, this is the place to start. Inspired by GitHub's well known Awesome lists, Essential Cardano provides an outline of our thriving ecosystem, as well as a comprehensive list of resources to help you learn more and get started. As it grows and expands, this new list aims to become the canonical source of material for Cardano, including both official resources and community-generated materials.

We want to have a central location for all things Cardano, to bring everything together and make it easy for people to find what they need. We have provided links to all official sites, channels, and resources, as well as to a collection of material such as explainers, guides, developer resources, glossaries, primers, tutorials, and much more.

On top of that, we have identified assets developed by the community which we think provide great value and complement our own content that we produce. Our aim is that our community will now help us to grow it out and make it even better.

*Note:* Inclusion in Essential Cardano does not constitute any kind of ‘official’ endorsement by IOG or any other entity. Projects are added upon community request and as ever, we encourage every community member to do their own research when evaluating projects. Inclusion does not constitute an endorsement - please be cautious and do your own research.
